treewide: implement lazy loading via lz.n for selected plugins (#407)
NotAShelf/nvf: docs/manual/hacking/additional-plugins.md

  '';
}
```

## Lazy plugins {#sec-lazy-plugins}

> If your plugin can be lazy-loaded, you should use `vim.lazy.plugins` to add your plugin. Lazy
> plugins are managed by `lz.n`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the plugin can be lazy-loaded, `vim.lazy.plugins` should be used to add it. Lazy
plugins are managed by `lz.n`.
```

```nix
# in modules/.../your-plugin/config.nix
{lib, config, ...}:
let
  cfg = config.vim.your-plugin;
in {
  vim.lazy.plugins.your-plugin = {
    # instead of vim.startPlugins, use this:
    package = "your-plugin";

    # if your plugin uses the `require('your-plugin').setup{...}` pattern
    setupModule = "your-plugin";
    inherit (cfg) setupOpts;

>     # events that trigger this plugin to be loaded
>     events = ["DirChanged"];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # events that trigger this plugin to be loaded
    event = ["DirChanged"];
```

    cmd = ["YourPluginCommand"];

    # keymaps
    keys = [
      # we'll cover this in detail in the keymaps section
      {
        key = "<leader>d";
        mode = "n";
        action = ":YourPluginCommand";
      }
    ];
  };
;
}
```

> This results in the lua code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This results in:
```

```lua
require('lz.n').load({
  {
    "name-of-your-plugin",
    after = function()
      require('your-plugin').setup({--[[ your setupOpts ]]})
    end,

>     events = {"DirChanged"},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    event = {"DirChanged"},
```
